A few years ago, there lived a peaceful family, in the small town of xyz. Until one day, it all went up in the flames. The fire not only burned on the ruins of the city, but also in the hearts of the two unfortunate siblings. Not long ago, did their father sign up for the military program and left their city, they
cried for him to stop, they wanted him to be there, for they were scared, but little did they knew, that he left for good. A week passed and when
no one was around, the city was under siege, people were killed, houses were demolished and few who surrendered, were taken hostage. Our tale revolves
around 2 of them. Actually, they were 3, but the eldest one, the one most important to the siblings,the one responsible for bringing them to this world,
was slain. Right in front of their eyes, was laying down her corpse. At that day, the siblings resolved one thing, and that, was to avenge their mother,
it was to take revenge from the one who could have protected them, the one who failed them. They both signed up for the military program in the nation that
kept them hostage, they were ready to betray their own land, for they were brainwashed by the country, unnecessary it might have been, cause either way
they were coming back, to kill the one who could have protected them, the one who failed them...

The older of the two unfortunate siblings. Her fierce attitude and foul mouth has earned her the title of Dart. She spends her day in solitude, even avoiding the company of her brother but when they are together, she does feel a little more safe, as if she was getting stronger just from the sight of him, especially on the battlefields.

Dart:
Role: Assault Secondary: Sniper
Faction: A
Passive: Increases damage dealt by primary and secondary weapons of herself and her brother by 5 if her brother is on the battlefield
Active: If killed 2 opponents in this round, her secondary weapon can be exchanged for a weak sniper rifle, 1 time use per round
Primary: Automatic rifle, semi-auto if scoped
Secondary: Pistol/ Weak sniper rifle
Melee: Knife