A few years ago, there lived a peaceful family, in the small town of xyz. Until one day, it all went up in the flames. The fire not only burned on the ruins of the city, but also in the hearts of the two unfortunate siblings. Not long ago, did their father sign up for the military program and left their city, they
cried for him to stop, they wanted him to be there, for they were scared, but little did they knew, that he left for good. A week passed and when
no one was around, the city was under siege, people were killed, houses were demolished and few who surrendered, were taken hostage. Our tale revolves
around 2 of them. Actually, they were 3, but the eldest one, the one most important to the siblings,the one responsible for bringing them to this world,
was slain. Right in front of their eyes, was laying down her corpse. At that day, the siblings resolved one thing, and that, was to avenge their mother,
it was to take revenge from the one who could have protected them, the one who failed them. They both signed up for the military program in the nation that
kept them hostage, they were ready to betray their own land, for they were brainwashed by the country, unnecessary it might have been, cause either way
they were coming back, to kill the one who could have protected them, the one who failed them...

An experienced Military General, one who has given up his whole life for the sake of his country, no-one knows what happened to his family, he himself believes them to be dead, or even worse, to have never existed in the first place. His war experience helps him greately, even letting him easily predict opponent's moves. His comrades strive to be like him, observing him as a role model, his presence is enough to fire up the hearts of many young soldiers and have them give their best on the battlefield

Spitfire:
Role:Assault
Faction: B
Passive: Increases the damage dealt by primary and secondary weapons of his whole team by 5
Active: Reveal the location of the closest enemy on the mini-map for a few seconds, 1 time use per round
Primary: LMG
Secondary: Revolver
Melee: Knife
