A few years ago, there lived a peaceful family, in the small town of xyz. Until one day, it all went up in the flames. The fire not only burned on the ruins of the city, but also in the hearts of the two unfortunate siblings. Not long ago, did their father sign up for the military program and left their city, they
cried for him to stop, they wanted him to be there, for they were scared, but little did they knew, that he left for good. A week passed and when
no one was around, the city was under siege, people were killed, houses were demolished and few who surrendered, were taken hostage. Our tale revolves
around 2 of them. Actually, they were 3, but the eldest one, the one most important to the siblings,the one responsible for bringing them to this world,
was slain. Right in front of their eyes, was laying down her corpse. At that day, the siblings resolved one thing, and that, was to avenge their mother,
it was to take revenge from the one who could have protected them, the one who failed them. They both signed up for the military program in the nation that
kept them hostage, they were ready to betray their own land, for they were brainwashed by the country, unnecessary it might have been, cause either way
they were coming back, to kill the one who could have protected them, the one who failed them...

The younger of the two unfortunate siblings, reffered to as Surge soon after a few years of his service as a surgeon in the military. Doesn't speak much, or maybe just doesn't get the opportunity due to her fierce sister. The more mature of the two, who handles things peacefully, but still, the agonising sight of his mother haunts him deep inside, begging him to avenger her, begging him to get her revenge... 

Surge:
Role: Medic
Faction: A
Passive: Increases max hp of himself and his sister by 10% if his sister is on the battlefield
Active: Medkit: Heals for 20 hp after 1 second delay, 3 charges, 20 second cooldown
	Adrenaline shot: Increases Movement Speed and decreases bullet spread for 25 seconds, inverts the effects for 8 seconds when it is over, 2 charges 	(capped at 1 per person)
Primary: SMG
Secondary: Silenced weak pistol
Melee: Knife